  1) Warriors:
Amazons - Amazons are femail warriors; they may be seen as the feminine equivalents of Barbarians but rely more on skill and grace than brute strength.

PRIMARY ATTRIBUTE: Skill and Grace

GENDER: All Amazons are femail

BASE HIT POINTS: 12

DEADLY SHOT: Amazons add their Skill mod to their damage roll when using a bow

BATTLE GRACE: Amazons add their Grace mod to their EDC against melee attacks, unless they are suprised or wearing a breastplate

WEAPON OF CHOICE: All amazons must select the bow as their weapon of choice

LEVEL BENEFITS: Each level beyond the first gives an amazon +4 Hits, +1 Luck, and +2 to another attributte score, choosen by the player

POSSESSIONS: Amazons start with a dagger, a primary melee weapon (such as a sword or spear) a shield a bow with 12 arrows and a starting wealth of 3D6 * 5 silver pieces


BARBARIANS:
Barbarians are savage warriors from uncivilized lands - or regarded as such by members of the dominant Greek-like culture. In the fantasy world of Mythika, most Barbarian player-characters come from the northern wild lands of Hyperborea. In other universes, they may include Celts, Goths, Cimbrians and, of course, Cimmerians. Barbarians are born fighters, whose ferocity in battle largely makes up for their lack of military discipline. Primary Attributes: Might and Will Gender: All Barbarian warriors are male. Basic Hits = 12 Battle Might: Barbarians add their Might mod to their damage when using their barbarian melee weapons (see chapter II for more details). Battle Fury: Barbarians add their Will modifier to their EDC against melee attacks, unless they are surprised or wearing a breastplate. Weapon of Choice: Any barbarian weapon. Most Barbarians prefer axes or swords. Level Benefits: Each level beyond the first gives a Barbarian +4 Hits, +1 to Luck and +2 to Might, Will or Skill (player’s choice). Possessions: Barbarians start with a dagger, their melee Weapon of Choice, a missile weapon (bow + 12 arrows OR 3 javelins OR sling + 12 stones) and a shield. Starting wealth is 3D6 x 5 silver pieces.
